You've just taken the first step into CI.
Nothing would have been possible without that first Git commit.
Thanks to that seemingly insignificant act of committing new code,
your CI server is now aware of new changes.
New changes means new possibilities to break.
Now, we are ready to build, test, analyze,
and anything else we want to do to the code,
to see if those changes are friend or foe.
By triggering CI so close to the introduction of these changes,
we are shortening the feedback loop and
reducing the time between introduction and repair,
which translates to reduced costs for businesses bottom-line.
You see what I did there?
Git triggers reduce costs.
Now, let's walk through how to complete this exercise. All right.
So I have forked the example repository and now I have it in my own account.
So now, I'm able to go over to CircleCI and actually set it up.
I can see that it's, found it already,
it's right here in the third position so I'm going to set this project up.
It recognizes this as a node project,
but I'm not too concerned about that
because I'm going to be able to take this much farther than they're built-in.
Besides, this project already has a configuration.
So I'm just going to start building there and add manually,
because I don't want CircleCI to add the configuration for me.
Now I'll start building.
So we should be able to see that
the project is now here and I've been running this in the past of course,
so you can see that these have failed in the past.
But, we've just added it,
we haven't actually run a build yet.
I want to show how we can trigger this from a commit in Git.
So let's go over here and actually make a change to our file here and
I'm just going to add a hello world to the top of the ReadMe.
This is going to say,
adding hello world, and we'll commit that. All right.
That has been committed, so we should be able to go over here and, yeah,
we can see that CircleCI is running the build for us automatically.
The contents of the build we're not too concerned with at this moment,
but just the fact that Git was able to trigger a build in CircleCI is more than enough.